>> Scott Moss: Okay, so I basically
showed you what needs to happen here.
But in order for me to explain it,
I pretty much had to show you.
There's no test associated with this, and
the exercise is really just
to create a configuration.
It doesn't even have to look like mine.
You can create it however you want.
I just want you to create a configuration
that has a default,
>> Scott Moss: And
it extends based off
environment variables.
So if you wanna look at mine,
again, I have a default here.
I'm requiring the one that has
the appropriate environment.
So if it's development or
dev, I'm requiring this file.
If it's testing or test,
I'm requiring this file.
And then I merge it.
So that's step one is create
your system for that.
You can piggyback my system,
that's totally fine.
Then the next thing is go replace
those places that we saw.
So for instance, inside of index.js,
replace this with your configuration.
So in my case,
it would be something like this.
I would import config here,
>> Scott Moss: config
from,
>> Scott Moss: config,
it's the index, so
that's all I've gotta do.
And instead of putting 3000,
I would put config.port.
>> Scott Moss: Boom, and now whatever
my configuration says the port is,
depending on my environment,
it's gonna be that now, right?
And I'll also get rid of this.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
>> Scott Moss: So that's one place.
Like I said, the other place you
would want to do this is in db.js,
you don't wanna hard code.
Mine's already changed.
So yeah, you don't wanna hard code
that URL in, you just wanna do that.
I would say for now,
you probably only want,
there's probably only two
databases you really should have.
You'll have one for testing and
one for development,
you should make those separate.
That way, cuz at testing, the database
gets wiped out every time, right?
So if that's wiping out
your development database,
you'll probably aggravated when you
actually go to your app and you're like,
where is the C data that I put in there?
It got wiped out cuz
you used it in testing.
So whenever you make these configuration
files, you can see right here
I have a different database for
testing than I do for development.
Development actually just
defaults to this one.
All right, the way my system works is,
if I don't pass anything onto these files,
it's totally fine, because the index
has defaults for everything.
So whatever's not there,
it just won't override it.
So your system can be as naive,
as simple as you want.
It doesn't matter, as long as
you have the port, the database.
And then for extra credit,
you can go ahead and
put in the,
>> Scott Moss: auth JWT_SECRET,
right here.
So instead of hard coding
the secret that was right here,
you can use the configuration to do that.
That secret would probably be injected
in with an environment variable.
And then for super extra credit,
you can also have your
configuration disable auth or not.
So I'm like, I wanna run in dev mode.
And then for dev mode,
I'm gonna say, what is it?
Let me go back to it.
For dev mode, I'm gonna turn off auth, so
I can not deal with logging
in a user every time.
So this one is called disableAuth.
So if I were to say disableAuth,
and I go back to my config for dev,
and I put disableAuth: true.
And then now, when I run my server,
>> Scott Moss: Cool,
so if I run my server now,
I try to hit it.
>> Scott Moss: 3000/api/notes.
It still breaks because I turned off auth,
but I think it's still looking for a user.
Yeah, so I turned off auth, but
it's still doing the other middleware,
which is this one right here.
It's still doing this.
This is undefined right here, so
it's still breaking right here.
So maybe I'll extend it
to also not do that.
Let's see.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
>> Scott Moss: Let's try it again.
There we go, yeah, that was totally it.
So that's extra credit,
is just turn off authentication with
that configuration that's there.
So you can see the power of this.
You can just come in like, yeah, for
testing, turn off authentication.
Or for development, turn it on,
however you wanna do it.
But yeah, make a system like that.
It doesn't have to be intricate,
it doesn't have to be perfect.
I just want you to get in the habit of
building your own configuration thing.
I'm gonna leave mine up,
this one's not gonna take too long.
Let's say, it's 3:52 now,
let's come back at 4:15.
And we'll talk about implementations that
you might have done, any fallacies that
you might have figured out, or any
other optimizations we could have done.
And then we'll go from there.
>> Student: So you wanna hit just
dev.js or prod, or something like that,
to show us the example?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, sure.
prod, nothing,
cuz I didn't do anything for prod.
dev, I just put an expireTime for the JWT.
>> Student: Okay.
>> Scott Moss: I put in secrets,
here's my JWT_SECRET.
And I disabled auth.
For testing, I'll just add
a database URL that's different.
So basically, if you wanna know
how it works in my system,
you basically create this base config,
right?
But every single file is
the same shape as base config,
minus the properties they
don't wanna override.
So if my dev file,
all I wanted to do is overwrite the port,
that's all it would have.
It would have a port,
it wouldn't have anything else.
Because the way it merges is,
this overrides this.
>> Scott Moss: You can
also do a dynamic require,
although I don't recommend doing that,
you can totally do that.